- intro slide
- 
- is there a blog post on this?

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r5o0rB3HwGv1F-Z7U_cN_jtZK_QFGQ0BLL3hSYpP-ho/edit?tab=t.0

Floor
Naming, would someone pronounce it as ‘slruh’ haha?

Put the 4 billion fun fact on a slide? That’s fun! (or: not fun)

You never introduced yourself? Don’t rely on a room host to do that, they might
not. Makes sure you have a slide so people know how to get in touch with you
(that can be your last slide too, but still, a little background about who you
are and why you are giving this presentation, is good).

“someday we might want to change that” - I love these insights and screenshots

Could it be a fun idea to add pictures of people to their comments? (with their
permission ofcourse). Or a Boriss-style drawing if you know what I mean?

Pg_stat_slru naming is hard, part 2. 

On the “The new GuCs” slide 1mb? 1gb?

Ed
Might be good to outline the talk structure at the beginning.
Because it seems like the first 25 mins of the talk is the history of Postgres
development. I guess this does outline just how SLRU evolved. 

But for current Postgres devs maybe having a summary of what SLRU is, what it
does now and its current features first would be good. 

Then the full history showing how did we get here.  Starting with a timeline of
the historical features you then go through.

Second part of talk. Could perhaps do with a clearer dividing slide. I think it
starts with the list of the 8? SLRUs which could perhaps also benefit with a
revisit of what each does?

Then go into issues with current  multiXact SLRU and its bigger buffers
solution.

Laura
I can’t provide technical feedback. We love to hear Alvaro presenting!
Maybe he could put a bit more of “acting” while telling the story :) 
Graphs are a great support in this presentation! I’d like to see some more!


Peter
Great presentation. Maybe add a "Summary" slide before the last (contact) page, with a call to action to upgrade to PG17 and some guidance on what to set, or in what situations people should upgrade.


